# CS-255
1. Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? The client was a company looking to sell online practice tests and physical road tests to help the customer get their driving license. They wanted us to create an online LMS to expand their business. <br>
2. What did you do particularly well? I think I did a good job on the activity diagrams. I feel like I was able to encompass the process of the login system farily well. <br>
3. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would probably improve the use case diagram I created. I think there is some more detail I could go into to show how the whole system ties together. <br>
4. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? A big tool I used in interpreting the users needs was researching what was industry standard in other LMS's. I think this was important because it ensures that the product I'm delivering works effeciently and isn't obsolete on arrival. <br>
5. How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? When designing software I try to break the project down into small parts to help me understand what is needed at the core. After that I think it is easier to have a broad picture of the system. In the future I'll definitely use more UML diagrams, they did a really good job helping me break those small parts down.
